Baby you made me throw dirty water on that bitch
So I did.
Now I'm a wanted criminal
You can't leave me alone
I let you encourage that idiot Wei Ziyue
Complete the name
He is good
To provoke that dead old woman named grandma
I'm really going to be stupid to death by you guys.
Isn't there no way?
But they are in jail now, right?
And I can't eat soft rice right now
Can't we be together openly?
Hello
The day after tomorrow is grandma's car birthday
You attend with me
Really? Grandma agreed to have me as his granddaughter-in-law?
Ah, there's someone next to you.
Uh, no.
I'm working out
What's the matter
Just remember to go out
Don't worry.
I won't let Grandma down
Why is the name taken by Shengli and the identity has not been found yet?
Don't worry, Mr. Li
It will be delivered later.
Wei Xian
There you are.